Perfect.
And now let's start pulling our Selex.
So this first shot that we have is kind of an example of what this process looks like without any editing
done.
And.
OK, as you can see, nothing special.
But that is the purpose of post production to make something average look extraordinary.
So I'm going to label this clip Magenta, and I'm just not going to delete it, but I'm going to move
it to the back of the timeline, just so we have it as a reference later in our edit.
Next is this type of project that we're working on right now.
We already know ahead of time we're not going to be using the audio from our shoot, because, first
of all, everything is shot at 240 forty frames a second off my iPhone.
So the quality of the sound.
Is not going to be good because everything is slowed down, I think eight times slower than normal life.
And we're going to be using a musical track.
So there's two things we can do.
We can either select all of our clips, a command l like we did in our previous edit and delete the
audio, leaving the video to work with.
Or we can mute the entire track and layer of the audio.
Both do the same thing.
If you are doing it, edit and you temporarily want to get rid of your sound.
But you don't want to delete it just in case you're going to use it down the road.
You can use to track if you know 100 percent for a fact, you're not going to use the edit.
You can delete the track instead.
So with that done now, let's move into pulling our selects.
And there's going to be a lot of empty spaces here because we're shooting at such a high frame rate.
So it's going to be a lot of scrubbing ahead.
So what we're doing is we're trimming out what we don't need.
So we're going to scrub for it to where the action happens.
OK, he's pulling on the camera.
Open about the so that was actually a mistake, we're not making a blooper reel here, so we're not
going to be using any mistakes in this edit scrubbing forward.
OK.
Pulls up the camera, opens the battery, throws it on the ground, loads in a new battery and raises
the camera.
So this is kind of a master or a wide shot that is showing more of the whole process.
So we're going to be saving these different types of takes.
And then after we save all of them, then we're going to go back and watch them all the way through
to decide which one of the three of a specific take to use.
So this actually saves you a lot of time in the long run.
When you're doing a personal project that you shot with friends or a client project and you're trying
to put the edit together, but you're getting ahead of yourself a little bit by trying to make the final
product, when in reality, the editing process is a slow refining version by version.
Process where you're getting closer to the final product with each pass on your footage.
So we have another wide shot here.
And the other reason I'm to keep these different ones is because I want to have different options.
That's another part of post-production here, is having options to work with.
OK, so I'm going to take these two wide shot, someone to label them the same color.
So we know that these are wide shots.
And then we have these close ups where he's raising the lens.
I'm going to now label these.
Do a triple delete to get rid of that black empty space.
OK, now we're going on to a different shot where he's opening up the battery cartridge, letting the
battery fall very zero seven James Bond.
OK, we have another version of that, so I'm going to scroll to where the action happens right before
he opens it up, make a cut there.
Oh, everything looks so good in slow mo.
And now we're moving on to a different shot where now he's loading in a new battery.
OK, that one was a mistake.
So we're going to continue to scrub forward, OK?
He's pulling out the battery, kind of fumbles it and then brings it in the frame.
So we're probably not going to use this part because that doesn't add any value to our viewer or to
our audience.
It's something you want to really keep in mind here.
What is adding value and what is the essential information?
You don't want any frames in your project that don't need to be in the video unless it's adding some
type of value.
Looks like we have another angle here of him dropping the battery.
OK, so let's scoot that one over so that we're a little bit in the proper chronological order here.
And then I think, yeah, we have this final shot of just the closing of the battery hitting the ground.
So I'm going to scrub to right before the battery comes into frame.
OK.
And you can scrub one frame at a time with the left and right arrows on your keep.
OK, right there.
And make a cut.
Delete what's not needed.
Oh, I'm going to make it cut after the battery has been on the ground for a minute.
We definitely don't need any of this.
Delete that.
And let's put that roughly where it's going to go.
So he throws the battery.
OK.
And then the battery hits the ground.
And again, I held command.
When I drag this clip, if I were to just do that, it's going to delete the front of the stream clip.
So if I undo that and I drag and I hold command and drop, it scoots over the green clips and everything
behind it instead of deleting it.
So what we now have is a string of all the potential shots that we are going to use.
Once you have all your potential shots and you're going to use all your Selex have been pulled.
We then go to the sequence that we created these selects in, duplicate that sequence and update the
name of it.
Hyp edit back up.
Let's just say I bet it selects backup.
Put it in the sequences folder.
And now we can very easily pick and choose the best shots with the best camera movement and best performance
from our character.